#### Having many pyhton files it is useful to describe their purposes.

**color.py**    Contains the slope coloring schemes.

**delete_unwanted_gpx_html_files.py**   Having gps tracks and htmls, it displays the htmls one-by-one in a browser and deletes the files if the visual inspection proves the actualc one is incorrect.

**identify_tracks.py**  Having the one slide gps tracks this script identifies the corresponding ski areas and slopes and sort the gpx files to the appropriate directories.

**isky.py** Retrieves gps track from the iSKI application using the share link.

**map.py** A very early version of visualization. Creates a html file from a single gpx track file. OBSOLATE

**merge.py** Creates an html from all gpx files in *merge_directory*. This produces the main html provided in [skimap.github.io](https://skimap.github.io/).

**newslopes_json_to_html.py** Visualize the ski slopes automatically extracted from runs.geojson by **transform_runs_geojson_to_slope_names_and_coordinates.ipynb**.

**ref_points_from_gpx.py** Creates slope ref points json file from gps tracks. OBSOLATE

**slide_to_html.py** An old version of **merge.py** with some extension functionality moved to **delete_unwanted_gpx_html_files.py**. OBSOLETE

**split_tracks_to_slide_tracks.py** Splits a gpx file to individual slides without lifting.

**test.py** Used for testing purposes only. OBSOLETE

**transform_liftst_geojson_to_lift_start_and_end_points.py** Transform lifts.geojson to **lifts_e.json** and **lifts_s.json** files.

**transform_runs_geojson_to_slope_names_and_coordinates.ipynb** Extracts ski slope coordinates and ids from **runs.geojson** for a given ski area. Raw data, needs manual revision and correction! The ipynb format allows us to read the **runs.geojson** once and extract as many ski area data as we want without reloading it.

**transform_runs_geojson_to_slope_names_and_coordinates.py** The py version of **transform_runs_geojson_to_slope_names_and_coordinates.ipynb**.

#### Non-python files

**lifts.geojson** Contains ski lift data, taked from OpenSkiMap.org

**runs.geojson** Contains ski slop data, taked from OpenSkiMap.org

**lifts_e.json** The end point coordinates of the lifts extracted from lifts.geojson.

**lifts_s.json** The starting point coordinates of the lifts extracted from lifts.geojson.

**newslopes.json** Contains ski slope coordinates and ids corresponding to a given ski area generated by **transform_runs_geojson_to_slope_names_and_coordinates.ipynb**. Raw data, needs manual revision and correction!